NAME
    kephra - crossplatform, CPAN-installable GUI-Texteditor for Programmers,
             UI designed along Perl's Paradigms 

SYNOPSIS
        > kephra [<files>]   # start with certain files open

DESCRIPTION
    The Kephra.pm module itself serves as a class loader, configuration loader,
    bootstrap and shutdown module, and provides some global variables.


    This module installs a complete editor application with all its configs,
    and documentation for your programming, web and text authoring. 
    
  Philosophy
    I know, i know, there are plenty text editors out there, even some really
    mighty IDE, but this is my attempt to make it better. And by that i don't
    meant to make a better vi or emacs nor kommodo, but to carry over to text
    editing, what makes perl a great language: A low entry barrier, a high end
    and to have a choice between different styles, like the vi command line
    input style, the emacs keyboard combinations style and the GUI style. We're
    currently not that far but already achieved a good portion.
    
    The other thing is that CPAN, perl's great toolbox has already many modules,
    that cover most of the feature, a good IDE needs today. Why don't we use it
    for our own programming?

  Features
    Beside all the basic stuff that would you expect from a notepad, we have
    file sessions, simple templates, recent closed files, and file functions
    applied to all files, where it makes sense.

    We have also a pile of advanced text navigation, undo, editing, line editing,
    and formating funtions like, brace and block navigation, goto last edit,
    find in files, fast undo, blockformat and so on, and of cource doc spanning
    bookmarks.
    
    Documents have several properties like syntax styling, auto indention, tab
    width, tab use, write protection.
    
    View options contain switches for any GUI element and marker for: current
    line, end of line bytes, right margin, indetion guides, bracehiglighting,
    line wrap and font.
    
INSTALLATION


SUPPORT
    OS: Linux, Mac and Win32 (Basically same es the module named Wx.)

    Perl: >= 5.6             (we use our :) )


AUTHORS
    * Herbert Breunung <lichtkind@cpan.org> (main author)

    * Jens Neuwerk <jenne@gmxpro.net> (author of icons, GUI advisor)

    * Adam Kennedy <adamk@cpan.org> (cpanification)
 
COPYRIGHT
    This Copyright applies only to the "Kephra" Perl software distribution, not 
    the icons bundled within.
    
    Copyright 2004 - 2008 Herbert Breunung. All rights reserved.
    
    This program is free software, licensed under the GNU GPL as you can see in
    the LICENSE file in same directory or under http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
